[Autogenerated] before we go any further,
we add content to this class and we try to run it.
I would like to show you two elements.
First, I'm going to see, like,
this class and to open the properties of this class,
I can select them from the pop up menu.
Right Click and the tub down.
Though option in this huge menu is the properties of Shanna or I can use
directly the shortcuts Al to enter toe open the property panel for this class
And what they would like to show you is that by default,
the text file, including for Java source code in eclipse is in fact wronger.
It is inherited from the OS you are using on my windows machine.
This is CP 12 52 on it should be utf eight now I could click
other here and select utf eight like that.
But of course I don't feel like doing that for all the Java classes.
All the Java source code I am going to create what I would like to have is
eclipse create dot Java files in utf eight by default.
So let us keep this as the default cancel.
In fact, to do that, you need to go to the window menu here.
Select preferences are you have all the preferences of
eclipse here and there are many.
In fact,
every time you install a plug in a vase pregame that can add content to the
set of preferences are so let us filter for encoding.
We need to go to the general content types off Schoener,
select the text option here and then choose default
encoding utf Dash eight Just here it will be inherited by
all the text generated by Cripps.
Andi are many including html XML, CSS, etcetera.
Let us update apply in closer And now if we check
the properties of this fighter,
it will be utf eight by default on all the Java source code that
we're going to create will be a utf eight.
Also,
this is Mandela's a range of our because the fact that the dot Java fires are you tive eight is in the specification off the language